Identity, Values and Strengths

Using the evidence gathered, describe your core personal values.
First and foremost value of mine is honesty. 
To me this doesn't just mean always telling the truth. 
To be living an honest life you have to act with integrity, honor and sincerity as well as having open and honest communication.
A close second value would be kindness.
Not just to treat others how you want to be treated but to treat others how they themself want to be treated.

Explain a situation where you have had an ethical decision to make. 
At my previous place of employment there was a situation where I had to get a manager involved to process a credit for a customer.
I had already discussed the problem and misunderstanding that had occurred with the customer. 
Although they had made an error in their use of the product I believed they were in the right to be getting a credit due to the circumstances of the situation.
The issue started when the first manager I raised this to refused the credit due to the misunderstanding and error may by the customer.
The conflict was I believed the customer was deserving but I did not have the power to give it to them.

Discuss how you weighed up the values involved in that decision, the decision you made and the consequences of the action you took.
As previously stated my definition of honesty is not just about telling the truth, it is also to do what I thought was right.
We ended up taking this further to another manager and after explaining the situation they agreed to compensate the customer for what had happened.
Throughout the interactions of course I did my utmost to treat all involved parties with kindness, even with the disagreement between myself and the first manager I would not show disrespect to them and made sure they were informed of my actions throughout the process.

Describe how your culture has influenced your values and identity.
I've been raised in New Zealand. It is not easy for me to compare how my "Kiwi" culture/upbringing has influenced my values and identity. 
As above my key values are honesty and kindness, I wouldn't think my culture has made me a more honest and/or kind person by comparison to any other culture.
There can be honest and kind people from any culture, there can also be dishonest and unkind people from any culture.
I would say having a family, close friends and community had an overall positive effect in promoting honesty and kindness to one another but I would think this would be the same for any community or culture.

Using the evidence gathered, describe your strengths and limitations.

Evaluate your strengths and limitations in terms of your learning and career development
My strengths would be my potential to learn and drive to work hard to achieve.
My limitation would be my inability to review myself and performance, without this I cannot see what I need to focus on and where my skills are lacking.

Identify which of your strengths might help you in your learning journey and how they might intersect with learning obstacles.
When I face a difficult challenge I am able to keep working at it without losing focus.

Share an example from your experience of where you were trying to work productively with others, but there was resistance or tension. Discuss the strategies you used at that time, how effective they were, and your reflections on what other strategies you would try now, and why.
I once worked with someone who was openly attending anger management classes, they were self aware of it and it was something they were making a conscious effort to improve in themself.
One time this co-worker let their anger get the better of them and their anger was targeted at me in this instance. 
I had seen this individual loss control before and it was not a nice thing to see, the situation would normally escalate into a shouting match.
Although I don't mind conflict I knew it was not beneficial to this individual to react in the same way. No matter how much they screamed at me I would reply in as calm a manner that I could without raising my voice.
The very next week this co-worker came to me and expressed their gratitude for how I reacted.
They had previously never had a reaction like mine to one of their outbursts and advised they respected how it was handled and advised they liked it so much they would do their best to have the same demeanor when they face conflict.
