Consider the following and answer the questions in bold

What is your long term goal and/or career pathway?
What are you hoping to use the skills you gain during this course for? What sort of impact would you like to make once you leave Dev Academy? Do you have a destination in mind?

I want to use the skills I develop to create something meaningful that will have a positive impact on society and its people.


What do you think your biggest strengths and limitations will be in Bootcamp?
Re-evaluate your strengths and limitations from Sprint 2. Has your idea of these changed over the course of Foundations? Have you discovered any new ones during this course? How do you think these will help/hinder you during Bootcamp?

Biggest strength will be my previous coding experience, which will allow me to hit the ground running in Bootcamp in the technical teachings.
Limitation will be my ineptitude in online communication, always preferred in person communication but with the way the world is going good online communication skills will be paramount.


What do you think your biggest non-technical challenge at Bootcamp will be?
While you will face many technical challenges on Bootcamp, this is not what we would like you to consider in this Plan. Non-technical challenges might include staying on top of the material, working in groups, speaking in front of the group, or keeping focused for 9 weeks, etc.

As said previously my biggest challenge will be online communication. I believe this will be a skill developed during the bootcamp which I am looking forward to.


What non-technical skills - human skills - would you like to see developed in yourself while at Dev Academy?
At Dev Academy we have a large focus around human skills and improving yourself. Based on your strengths/limitations, what are some areas for development you would like to work on?
For example, this could be things around communication, teamwork within groups, pairing with others, giving and receiving feedback, developing some leadership skills, or improving your self awareness and reflective skills.

Again this will be online communication, for the reasons above.


What are your expectations from the Bootcamp team?
What does support look like to you? Keep in mind, this may not be the same as the Bootcamp team's expectations, but it is useful to voice these expectations.

I expect honest and open communication channels. If I can improve I would like it to be pointed out so I can work on it. 


What are your expectations of yourself on Bootcamp
Based on your knowledge of Bootcamp, how and where will you seek help in a timely way?
Write down a commitment to how you will manage your workload in this programme. This should include - an explanation of how you will manage yourself to work productively and safely with other learners, facilitators and industry/community representatives.

I expect to learn more practical coding skills and experience how working in the real world will be and treat it as such. When in need of assistance I will first try to solve it for myself. After I have exhausted alternatives for finding a solution I will then ask both my cohort and the Bootcamp team for help.
In terms of managing workload I will have Bootcamp learnings and work at the top of my priorities during the course, when committing to deadlines with others I will do my utmost to stick to them, missing these will not only cause trouble for my own learning but the learning for those around me as well.

