Learning Plan

What is your long term goal and/or career pathway?

A dream of mine to to create a successful business with my close friends. They are all developers and we all have a drive to make something meaningful and impactful in our lifetimes.
To achieve this the plan is to develop my skills in this course, get work in as a front end developer, then transition to full stack developer in employment, when I have the needed skills to create something significant I will throw myself into pursuing that and making it work.

A description of your own strengths and limitations in relation to learning?
Strengths: I am a dedicated worker and am learning. Will work hard before playing hard.
Limitations: I currently lack the skills and experience to self teach in this field. Although I always appreciate critical critiques from others I find it incredibly difficult to review my own work and develop my own skills.

What skills (non-technical - human skills) would you like to see developed in yourself while at Dev Academy?
Online communication skill. Although I feel confident in forming relationships person to person, I lack this ability when it has to be done through a computer.


A commitment to how you will manage your workload in this programme. This should include:

An explanation of how you will manage yourself to work productively and safely with other learners, facilitators and industry/community representatives.
To manage myself I will prioritize course material and course work over getting distracted with non-work related activities. 
To work in harmony with the rest of the team I will commit to being honest with them and myself about my progress and issues that may be inhibiting that progress.

What you will do when things are building up and starting to get to you.
It may seem counter productive but I would stop working and take a break. After evaluating next steps and time frames I would first inform the people that need to know about my situation and set their expectations for my work going forward.
If the stress gets to a high level I always have friends and family to chat with to relax and refocus.


A commitment as to how and where you will seek help in a timely way.
I, Benjamin Hoggan, commit to talk to my peers, team, teachers when in times of incredible stress or if I am in need of assistance.

A description of what you expect from the facilitation team.
An open line of communication and honest feedback of my work when it is required. I too will commit to doing the same.

Any scheduling information such as block-out times when you are committed to other things. For example, you might have whānau commitments like school drop-offs. It’s important to plan these in.
These elements do not need to be structured as they are in this list. You should put them together in the way that you feel they are most clearly communicated.
As previously discussed, I started Dev Academy late and will be working full time till the 26th of November. After this I will be working on Dev Academy content full time without any block-out periods required.

