Core tasks
Keep your answers on a document which you will later into a blog post.

1. Research Neuroplasticity

Discuss how understanding the principles of neuroplasticity benefits people.
Believing/understanding your brain/neural connections can improve will encourage people to try to improve. 

Discuss how you might engage with the principles of neuroplasticity for your own benefit.
Understanding how important repetition and practice are makes me want to keep going over fundamentals to strengthen my understanding of them.

What are some of the ways to increase your neuroplasticity?
Repetition, Practice, Use It and Improve It etc.

Link to a resource that you found particularly useful or engaging.
https://www.neuroskills.com/brain-injury/neuroplasticity/ten-principles-of-neuroplasticity/


2. Research Growth Mindset

Discuss what it is and why it is relevant.
Growth mindset is having the belief you can improve yourself, your skills, and your abilities. It is the contrary to a Fixed Mindset, the belief that you, your skills and your abilities are set and cannot be improved past your pre-set limits.

In this exploration, did anything surprise you? Change for you?
I found that the definition for a Growth Mindset is not only having the belief you can grow and improve but it is also a way of thinking to stay positive when faced with challenges and setbacks in life.

How will you integrate a growth mindset into your learning journey?
Having the knowledge that I can improve despite facing challenging times will motivate myself to keep at it even when times are tough.

Link to a resource that you found particularly useful or engaging.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUWn_TJTrnU&ab_channel=Sprouts


3. Blend with your learning plan and strategies

Reflect and discuss how these understandings may shape or influence your learning plan and strategy.
Does not affect long term goals or career pathways. Does not impact my current strengths or limitations. It does change the way I think about the skills I want to develop though, having the knowledge I can improve my currently lacking skills improves my outlook on facing these obstacles.
