Tell your non-tech friend a story about a time you:

Got blocked on a simple problem.

What was the problem?
I was attempting to declare an object variable, it was not working and the error message was nonsensical.

What problem solving techniques did you use?
I attempted to Google but this was not helpful as the error message did not make sense.
I console logged, everything looked like it should.
Lastly I asked a peer for assistance, they pointed out an obvious syntax error in my code.

How did you feel throughout the process?
Did not feel upset in any way while trying to fix the issue.
However, after it was resolved, I was annoyed because it was something I should have already known.

What did you learn?
How to correctly declare an object.


Solved a problem in an elegant way.

What was the problem?
The unjumble function in the JS Olympics which reverses string characters.

What problem solving techniques did you use?
Trying something, came up with a solution but it was junky with too many lines.
Improving your process with reflection, tried to see where I could reduce lines of code.
Googling, found an even better solution to the same problem online and used that.

How did you feel throughout the process?
Felt good finding and using a clean solution to the problem.
Didn't feel good that I couldn't know the best solution right away.

What did you learn?
How to Google for better solutions.
How to use JS methods better.


Reflect on how confident you feel using the problem solving techniques and process:

Pseudocode: Confident.
Trying something: Confident.
Rubber ducky method: Have not tried this yet as the other techniques are enough to get me through.
Reading error messages: Confident.
Console.logging: Confident.
Googling: Confident.
Asking your peers for help: Other techniques were enough to get me through this time, when needed I'm sure I will be able to request assistance.
Asking coaches for help: Other techniques were enough to get me through this time, when needed I'm sure I will be able to request assistance.
Improving your process with reflection: Confident.
